Add Mainboard README (#8)
FrameworkComputer/Framework-Desktop: Mainboard/README.md

|-----|--------|-------|--------------------------------------------|
| 1   | GPIO   | Amber | AC Power (VSB)                             |
| 2   | GPIO   | Amber | 12V AC Power (G3=Off, S0=On)               |
| 3   | PWM    | Amber | Power Button (S5=Off, S3=Breathing, S0=On) |
| 4   | GPIO   | Red   | Debug blinking                             |

Debug blink codes

| Behavior    | Description                        |
|-------------|------------------------------------|
| Long blink  | Start of diagnostic                |
| 1 - On/Off  | PSU OK                             |
| 2 - On/Off  | 12V OK                             |
| 3 - On/Off  | CPU deassert sleep S5              |
| 4 - On/Off  | CPU deassert sleep S4              |
| 5 - On/Off  | Power boot core VR                 |
| 6 - On/Off  | CPU Fan Detected                   |
| 7 - On/Off  | Thermal Sensor Detected            |
| 8 - On/Off  | CPU reached S0 state               |
| 9 - On/Off  | DDR initialized OK                 |
| 10 - On/Off | Power glitch detected during boot  |

## Buttons

| Label | Function       |
|-------|----------------|
| SW1   | Clear RTC/CMOS |

> | SW3   | Power Button   |

Author: Need to double-check these labels

Reviewer: K

# Mainboard

## License

> Framework Laptop 12 © 2025 by Framework Computer Inc is licensed under CC BY 4.0.

Author: ```suggestion
Framework Desktop © 2025 by Framework Computer Inc is licensed under CC BY 4.0.
```
